When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Projects are carried out by teams and each team can have multiple number of persons that contributes to the repository.
Also teams may geographically apart, working from different locations. So a remote repository works as a central place where
each team member can add or modify contents and then other team mates can pull them on their local machines. Other benefit 
is that all your changes remains on cloud rather than any local machine, so they are always available.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Hmm...Because i may be in between of some changes and the downloaded changes may impact my local behaviour.
Also there could be some merge conflicts that are be resolved manually. There can a big number of people/teammates
working on the same set of files, so there are high chances that things will break if one sets up the automatic updates.

Describe the differences between forks, clones and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Fork : When you are copying the repository within github that you will clone further to your local machine and then experiment with it and communicate with local and github copy.

Clone : Clone is creating copy of repository on your local machine from github. Generally github will contain the stable production level of code. You will only push the tested and verified changes to that repo.

Branches : Creating a new label or chain of commits for a new feature or experiment.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

You can work offline after updating your local copies of the remote. Also git log and git status works in offline mode, that compares your commits with the local copies of remote.
git fetch allows you to update your local copies of remote. You can continue to work on your local in offline mode as well and then sync with remote when you have the internet access.
